Long back, many years back Eddie Vedder perhaps saw the flood of Kerala coming and wrote this:
"It's a mystery to me,
We have a greed,
With which we have agreed,
You think you have to want,
More than you need,
Until you have it all you won't be free..."

While people are doing what they now a days know best to do, armchair sympathy via FB posts,Tweets and WA forwards for Kerala floods victims, some have went forward to donate, mostly to show their false empathy in order to collect some brownie points on social media; no one is raising the question why this devastating flood happened?

In all this din of raising the donations, which is perhaps a vested interest campaign to surpass the Rs.100 Crore relief announced by central government and tweetpathy(showing sympathy via tweets), the real question would drown like Kerala itself.

The above picture clearly shows what is the real reason for this catastrophic flood.

It is easy to brush aside this as a natural disaster, but disasters like floods are man-made and not natural. A smack-in-the-face example have been the Uttarakhand floods, just about 5 years back.

Such an irony that people who are mentioning the floods in their tweets and posts as "Most severe flood of the century", are themselves being ignoramus a galore of missing the point entirely. They don't even know, what they know already.

Nature has it's own way of telling that "It's enough". It forewarns in it's own way, about the impending wrath for molesting her; but like always we are busy in building our castles in thin air, with the utmost apathy to nature and other fellow living organisms, specially the fellow homo sapiens.

How much is enough, is the introspection which is needed, by everyone of us, and then act on it, on whatever times is left for us; before nature shows to each one of us, who is really in control of our destiny.

Nature has time and again tried to told us that we are mere tourists here and we have to leave the place in better condition, than we have found it; but she seems to have lost it now, that our obstinacy.

For the generation which we have given birth, and for the sake of other living organisms, in the collective good which is the essence of being a human, we should start caring for every other living organism, and forget the individual greed and lust, which knows no bound.

